Improve tutorial 1-8 (#894)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/tutorial-3-appearance.md

The lighting of a world is determined by [Light](../reference/light.md) nodes and the [Background](../reference/background.md) .
There are three types of light nodes: the [DirectionalLight](../reference/directionallight.md), the [PointLight](../reference/pointlight.md) and the [SpotLight](../reference/spotlight.md).
A [DirectionalLight](../reference/directionallight.md) simulates a light which is infinitely far (ex: the sun), a [PointLight](../reference/pointlight.md) simulates light emitted from a single point (ex: a light bulb), and a [SpotLight](../reference/spotlight.md) simulates a conical light (ex: a flashlight).
[This figure](#comparison-of-the-three-lighting-possible-in-webots-left-directionallight-middle-spotlight-and-right-pointlight) shows a comparison between them.
Each type of light node can cast shadows.
You can find their complete documentation in the [Reference Manual](../reference/nodes-and-api-functions.md).

%figure "Comparison of the three lighting possible in Webots. Left DirectionalLight, middle SpotLight and right PointLight."

![tutorial_light_comparison.png](images/tutorial_light_comparison.png)

> %end

Reviewer: Very nice, this figure is indeed way better to understand the difference. But to make it clearer I would have enabled the shadows.

The [Appearance](../reference/appearance.md) and [PBRAppearance](../reference/pbrappearance.md) nodes of the [Shape](../reference/shape.md) node determine the graphical appearance of the object.
Among other things, these nodes are responsible for the color and texture of objects.

> Prefer PBRAppereances for a better texture rendering as shown in the following comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer [PBRAppearances](../reference/pbrappearance.md) for a better rendering as shown in the following comparison.
```

%figure "Comparison between Appearance node (left) and PBRAppearance node (right)."

![tutorial_appearance_comparison.png](images/tutorial_appearance_comparison.png)

%end

> **Hands-on #2**: In the [Shape](../reference/shape.md) node representing graphically the first wall, add a [PBRAppearance](../reference/pbrappearance.md) node to the `appearance` field.
1. Set its `baseColor` field to blue using the color selector.
2. Set its `metalness` field to 0 using the field editor.
3. Finally, set its `roughness` field to 0.5 using the field editor.
4. If the DEF-USE mechanism of the previous tutorial has been correctly implemented, all the walls should turn blue.

### Add a Texture to the Ball

The aim of this subsection is to apply a texture on the ball.
A texture on a rolling object can help to appreciate its movement.

> **Hands-on #3**: Similarly add a [PBRAppearance](../reference/pbrappearance.md) node to the ball.
1. As before, set the `metalness` field to 0 and the `roughness` field to 1.
2. Add an [ImageTexture](../reference/imagetexture.md) node to the `baseColorMap` field of the [PBRAppearance](../reference/pbrappearance.md) node.

> 1. Add an item to the [ImageTexture](../reference/imagetexture.md)'s `url` field using the `Add` button.

Reviewer 2: Why did you restart from `1.` here?

> **Hands-on #4**: View the simulation in wireframe mode by using the `View / Wireframe Rendering` menu item.
Then restore the plain rendering mode: `View / Plain Rendering`.

Others rendering features that can be helpful:
* View Coordinates systems : `View / Optional Rendering / Show Coordinates System (Ctrl + F1)`.
* View distance sensor rays: `View / Optional Rendering / Show DistanceSensor Rays (Ctrl + F10)`.

### Solution : World File

> To compare your world with the solution, go to your files and find the folder named "my\_first\_simulation" created in [Tutorial 1](tutorial-1-your-first-simulation-in-webots.md), then go to the "worlds" folder and open with a text editor the right world. [This solution](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/appearance.wbt) as all others is located in the [solution directory](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compare your world with the solution, go to your files and find the folder named "my\_first\_simulation" created in [Tutorial 1](tutorial-1-your-first-simulation-in-webots.md), then go to the "worlds" folder and open with a text editor the right world.
[This solution](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/appearance.wbt) as the others is located in the [solution directory](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/master/projects/samples/tutorials/worlds/).
```
